Add API links as tips (#1161)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/clients/pages/go.adoc

= Go Client
:page-api-reference: https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-go-client@v{page-latest-supported-go-client}

> TIP: For latest Go API documentation, see https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-go-client@v{page-latest-supported-go-client}[Hazelcast Go Client docs].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: For the latest Go API documentation, refer to the https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-go-client@v{page-latest-supported-go-client}[Hazelcast Go Client, window=_blank] documentation.
```
